h1. Morpheus

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"rails3-mongoid-devise", :database=>"mongodb", :orm=>"mongoid", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"none", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"none", :starter_app=>"users_app", :form_builder=>"none", :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :dev_webserver=>"webrick", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :templates=>"erb", :continuous_testing=>"guard", :rvmrc=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.13

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses MongoDB with the Mongoid ORM.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: None
* Form Builder: None
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: None

h4. Issues

Nothing works yet.

h2. Similar Projects

Based on a Hackathon project with Cypress Frankenfeld and Dee Cater.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send me a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. License: MIT

Copyright (c) 2013 Julian Ceipek

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
